Doctor
What's wrong with him?
Your dog has a tumor in his brain.
Fell into a coma due to tumor compression
tumor
How can there be a tumor?
Can it be cured? I'm too old for that.
Treatment doesn't make much sense anymore
It is recommended to give up treatment
Impossible to give up treatment
How much will I cure him?
That's impossible.
Doctor, you have to help me. You have to help me.
Tingting, calm down and don't be impulsive.
Be careful with your body
How long can a doctor live in three days?
It's hard to say.
According to the current situation, it shouldn't be too long.
About 3 months.
When will he wake up?
It's hard to say.
Maybe never wake up
Bride, the wedding starts in 20 minutes.
Got it.
It's been three days.
Dad?
If Sonny is really the angel you sent
Please help him wake up.
That bride is so beautiful today
How can I be as beautiful as my daughter?
Oops, I really don't know when you mess up in the future
I'll call you to some brat
You don't have a boyfriend, just forget about dad
No way
And I'm not sure I'll get married
In case you don't find a suitable one
Then I'm not alone
How can a silly girl not get married?
Don't worry, dad will check it for you.
When I put you in his hands?
I'll also tell him I'll beat him if he bullies you
Hahahaha
I really hope you can come to my wedding
You can see it.
Right?